Discard Initial keys as soon as possible (#2045)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-recovery.md

Neither packet can be treated as an acknowledgment for the Initial, but they MAY
be used to improve the RTT estimate.

#### Discarding Initial State

As described in Section 4.10 of {{QUIC-TLS}}, endpoints stop sending and
receiving Initial packets once they start exchanging Handshake packets.  At this
point, all loss recovery state for the Initial encryption level is also

> discarded.

Reviewer: I'm not sure I understand what this mean; it seems like there is one set of variables. Do you mean you reset all the variables to the initial values.

Neither packet can be treated as an acknowledgment for the Initial, but they MAY
be used to improve the RTT estimate.

#### Discarding Initial State {#discard-initial}

> As described in Section 4.10 of {{QUIC-TLS}}, endpoints stop sending and

Reviewer 2: I think it makes more sense to reference the transport draft, now that it has the required text.  Also, it's a bit odd to have the recovery draft have a direct dependency on TLS.

Most of this paragraph seems to apply to the Handshake encryption level as well, correct?

receiving Initial packets once they start exchanging Handshake packets.  At this
point, all loss recovery state for the Initial packet number space is also

> discarded.  After discarding state, new Initial packets will not be sent and no

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
discarded without declaring them acknowledged or lost.  After discarding state, new Initial packets will not be sent.
```

minimum of the current congestion window and the initial congestion window.
This recommendation is based on Section 4.1 of {{?RFC5681}}.

## In-Flight Packet Accounting

When keys for an encryption level are discarded (see {{QUIC-TLS}}), any packets
sent with those keys are removed from the count of bytes in flight.  No loss
events will occur for these packets.  Note that it is expected that keys are
discarded after those packets would be declared lost, but Initial secrets are

> destroyed earlier.

Reviewer: I'm not sure I understand this text.

minimum of the current congestion window and the initial congestion window.
This recommendation is based on Section 4.1 of {{?RFC5681}}.

> ## In-Flight Packet Accounting

Reviewer 2: I would call this section something else like "Discarding Keys" or "Abandoning Encryption Levels"

When keys for an packet number space are discarded (see {{QUIC-TLS}}), any

> packets sent with those keys are removed from the count of bytes in flight.  No

Reviewer 2: clarification: any in-flight packets sent with those keys
